 according to a 188-year-old statistics, the number of people who have lost the tax, with a total of 83<unk> of the population, is the chinese.
 it would be necessary to incorporate the convention into or into legal norms, if promulgation of the provisions of article 4 and article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performances during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted that this proposal should be included in the recruitment of candidates following the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the approach requires the establishment of grade grades as a basis for pay comparison.
 in the light of the gradual development of the chinese tourism market, the prices of price price prices may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the market stalls and the market stalls is the highest rate of 5 years.
 the most difficult changes in the peace-keeping situation are most difficult for peace-keeping, since there were significant changes in the current year.
 it must be necessary to take into account the intention of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman said that the occupying forces had to stay long after long.
 some people believe that this operation would not be so good if we have open and transparent consultations.
 this would be useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996.
 states parties are most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, so it is legally and in fact a subject of international law.
 although activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to pursue the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law should be understood by the international community, the united nations, decisions and action.
 parents cannot afford to make a hand, and the responsibility of the government can be fully pushed on school and teachers.
 " it is now very happy to see that one country, two systems ' implementation, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the representatives of malaysia, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market competition and maintain different degrees of competition.
 we look forward to the control of the strengthening of the united nations in a thorough and thorough analysis of consultations with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term of the chief executive is elected by the chief executive.
 if a person has to make a person to take the use of a person to prevent the installation of the installation of the device.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network, and in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronics in october 1998.
 the growth rate of the gross domestic product in 1996 was revised to 5.0 per cent.
 after the first visit to china in the first visit to china, the queen's king and edinburg will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile was detonated by a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons mentioned in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with consultations with the chairman of the general assembly.
 the problems of long-term problems between the two economies and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as the governments of the regular budget, has been unable to provide the organization.
 the presence of members of the panel on dispute disputes between india and the united states of america on the united states of america.
 the warmth of warmth is a new and a new one.
 however, the committee points out that the service of the country is not a good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of an educational system in order to establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that he hoped to use the internet to be registered with the bank's registration.
 mr tsang expressed his gratitude to the staff of the marine department in the construction of the building, and other interested parties.
 good.
 at the same time, some of the solutions concerning these groups are needed to be politically.
 the 8 tropical cyclone warning was observed at 10.30 am on the morning of the morning of hong kong.
 it is regrettable that the draft was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities will resolve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish and spanish this year.
 in the transactions of the local trading opponents, hong kong and hong kong have been conducted by local financial institutions and local non-financed clients, with 2 per cent and 10 per cent.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey single single-storey single single-storey singles.
 it is essential that the search for results should be achieved, and this would be feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed for the donor fatigue in the region.
 the prosecutor has made an appeal on this decision, and the chamber was sent to france.
 the trend towards the slowdown in the economies of these countries has contributed to the economic progress towards economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 the week is one, seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations, the united nations and the south and south.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in the development of information and communication for developing countries.
 " it's not possible to understand the sword, " he said. "
 (15) an international perspective in the context of and in mind.
 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture stated that the high incidence of bird flu in china is effective.
 chile has agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force on the prevention of peace-keeping forces can prevent the cause of conflict.
 at this juncture, however, the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i am extremely hopeful that the executive administration can make a dialogue with different voices.
 one spokesman for the african group, on behalf of the african group, commended unifif's efforts to evaluate the recommendations recommended by the united nations.
 the chinese government intends to build up 13 coal " bases at the beginning of next year.
 at the end of the song dynasty, this guanga's reputation has been put on the road to modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations under the authority.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 official languages.
 universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the heads of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the public are more concerned about the relevant statistical developments.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states indicate that they had a tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be licensed within six months after the issuance of the special issue.
 the deputy secretary for education and bureau, mr joseph lai, visited the deputy secretary for education, and other director of education and education department.
 in 1971.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of the impact of voters and electoral activities.
 the united nations membership of the south pacific states that it was intended to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 months.
 the service cost is $ 20. "
 on bulldozers, it was even more in many cases, and even in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the general public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to belgium that belgium is to contact the relevant persons in europe.
 at present, the concept of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of the concept of peace and the maintenance of the concept of peace.
 such a response can be made to identify genuine responsibility for the purpose of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chaire ahmed ahmad ( pakistani).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of the nation-building process, to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 bakerers and the shelter were destroyed and the israeli army was to halt.
 the structure of the text is even more tightened and simplified, and the content of the content is even greater.
 this sustained high prices of high prices, not only by the people of government authorities and experts from the government and experts.
 when he does not speak, he may need to stop the hearts of my hearts.
 for those scholars who have professional knowledge in politics, we do not have a very valuable view.
 as the saying goes, " it's not to be done.
 it is expected that the great state party has been able to obtain a new millennium democratic party in the new millennium.
 days ago, formerly, formerly, the lights of the lanterns, the lights of his lights and lights.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's tourism in taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the existence of mixed mixed jurisdiction is a zone of navigation and through the territorial zone through the territorial zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan formally elected the director-general of the world, as the director-general of the world-based organization, became the first chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, it is in accordance with the international court of law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly on 10 december 1948, presented a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the " slovenia constitution " of the slovenia constitution, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no black spot in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the world's history process, and the process is beginning to start in many political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visits from april 6 to november rose from 6 to november.
 in the case of the handling of the previous case or in the present case, there has been no such circumstances.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the work of the commission on the work of the commission must depend on its capacity and the modalities of the commission.
 the letter of authorised registration shall be confirmed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are aware of " qualitative ", nor does not mean that we do not think it is not important.
 in the country's republic of congo, the international community has generally agreed to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the demands of users is to assess the damage caused by crops and infrastructure caused by the floods.
 as a result, the government will also advance the development of the two exchanges and clearing of hong kong's two exchanges and clearing.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist in the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the minimum and the maximum limits of the offence, the minimum and the maximum limits of a crime, the minimum and the maximum limits of the offence.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was launched by the bullet.
 during the waiting time for the analysis, the number of applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of hiv infection.
 an example, as an example, for example, as a product of modern and technological development.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure that peace and harmony are co-operative and promoting the development of different national and cultural development.
 in terms of food prices, i am not aware of the weather in china's weather in china.
 this is not only possible to strengthen local production films to enable hong kong to produce services in the latter part of asia.
 i think everyone will understand that, in the past 17 years, we have come to membership in the past 17 years.
 in the case of good health, symptoms of symptoms are mainly more than minor.
 cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies and the relevant united nations agencies is also appropriate.
 in the face of " products ' products ", parents can make a better choice of a better personal situation.
 if the more double-digit double-digit double, the consequences will be very serious.
 for those vietnameses and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that in 1999, the system has been able to improve the new system and have improved much improvement.
 at the same time, the maintenance of nuclear tests was essential for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents are free of travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this could create a precedent for all types of vessels leading to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never give legal advice to the public.
 as at end august 1997, 34<unk> of china-owned enterprises in hong kong are listed in hong kong through a total of us$ 400000000.
 to date, more than 30 tons of aid items have been delivered to goma to go goma to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the committee on the introduction of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women in participating in working life.
 on the other hand, it is impossible for egypt to do with egypt before the opening of the borders of 1994.
 madam president, the assembly, in fact, is not the right of a group of people.
 the delay will affect about the credibility of some about us.
 14. recently, the private sector and foundations of the private sector and foundations of the private sector will have a significant increase in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other views <unk> " <unk> "
 i was extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity documents, one of which is to be transferred to the israelis.
 as the time is limited, i have not been able to all the services of all services.
 this is a worry that britain's political reforms would not help hong kong as an early solution to the problem.
 the model component includes a model of the models of the bassians of the persian gulf models and lagging oil.
 9 percentage points of this growth came from changes in currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms deals have been carried out far from controlling arms and export facilities.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of terrorism using the swiss financial system.
 most of the most registered graduates should apply for a diploma or degree of graduates with a diplomat or degree of graduates.
 in the 3 quarter of 1999, the construction works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the functions of the commission, please see the " financial and capital markets commission ".
 it is hoped that in the near future, national television television stations were broadcast in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement to the official activities of the commonwealth commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are being made to do with a crosslock between the tenthrolos and the future.
 since mr leung has a lot more time for some time, i would like to have a more good time.
 the observer for the indian, african and the inter-american association of america believes that the non-demoscal population is a minority in argentina.
 " in the next three years, we have planned for the next three years to investigate the performance of graduates of graduates.
 we are not known to the chinese side, but it is very likely that hong kong officials have imagined some excuses for the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law provides that those parties (i.e. signatures, relying on party and the certification service) act.
 as a result, the emergence of the gap between the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " enthusiastic support for the mainland will join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, in sub-saharan africa, the african region of sub-saharan africa has only a telephone call.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff of the personnel and agencies.
 the israeli authorities have also closed on several days during the closure of the gaza strip and egypt, with a number of days.
 as a result of accelerating the speeding of more rapid growth, the cost of transport costs has been reduced, and all sectors are benefited.
 as a result, there is only a lot of printers in the print or the client.
 2. 2. the 2 is to absorb the knowledge of knowledge, technology and entrepreneurship capability.
 she would like to do so, like listening to radio, television, academics, writers, write-in-solving, sporting, comistion and piano.
 talking about the children's growth of taiwan's children, it is indeed difficult to look at the impact of them.
 the freight costs can be made available at the same time.
 in fact, the secretary for housing also invited me to take the floor in my meal, explaining that there is no relationship with the reconstruction.
 an independent expert group was entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in open and transparent manner.
 i did not see such reports, but i have often heard such reports.
 (a) interested companies who are hired for the cyberport required to apply for formal application.
 for movies.
 the united nations will be tested.
 the director of health, director of health, said that some four years later could be reached.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk>3 of whom are management positions.
 the court found that the buyer did not fulfil their obligations to pay the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be able to work with the commission on human rights in the region.
 in the 50 session of the draft resolution, the sponsorship of the draft resolution will create a record: this will be the real olympic games.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre of the sfc will make a report on the status of the hong kong financial centre in this year.
 the conference was of the view that the election of elections is the privilege of the general assembly, rather than the preconditions of the security council.
 the visitors will also go back to the spectacular, this kind of shopping places in modern civilizations.
 we have a far-reaching objective, and hong kong has developed a world city in asia.
 on the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr stephen lam, and the fund management committee of the fund will distribute each senior citizens to the elderly.
 the proposed step by the proposed strengthening of the " juvenile police " would be enhanced.
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that i would like to point out that i would like to point out in fact.
 shanghai is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong's ship companies in hong kong will be able to determine commercial decision-effective commercial decisions.
 to help sierra leone and the people of sierra leone, the united states is a priority of the united states in the united states.
 he said, " it's a historical trend in history.
 the development framework for the transitional government shows the role of states in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the terms of reference of the employment bureau for all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and that international support will be invalid.
 industrialization partners, industrialization partners need to be done, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had always been very active in its responsibilities.
 they are proud of the ancient tradition of the ancient traditions of the world.
 <unk> the chief executive officer at the district level, ms. choi choi, will be director-general of information services department.
 the dancers went to the gods of fresh flowers.
 the most worrying situation in the united nations social sphere.
 as a result, there was an urgent need to give medical treatment. the doctor said that the child has been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the design of the spectacies, the spectacular team has been able to bring to the world to see the world.
 the aim is to impose pressure on 3-party pressures to peace-building, so that an effort is no longer for ethiopia.
 the tai po, tai po, today (february 2) occurred at a no. 3 alarm fire.
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo should not leave the past, and the people of the community should be encouraged to look at the next.
 we must not forget that these are the public funds and is absolutely not a waste of waste.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local university places will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the general assembly in the various districts.
 a copy shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person who shall be sent to those written statements.
 qin jin said that james soong arrived in beijing on may 5.
 the committee also expresses its consideration of the additional information provided during the report and after the report.
 a major train explosion occurred on the 22.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include a wide range of briefings to civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 the people of the people of hong kong have been able to cope with the emotions of the people of hong kong, and i really do not agree with.
 however, international trafficking in international trafficking has also dealt with other fields, including the clothing, agriculture and construction industry.
 my own is not in itself, but i have often heard the religious spirit of the religion.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partially implemented some of its provisions, particularly in the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that latin american trade volumes increased by 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 million, and is also the first time for the first time in four years.
 in the financial year 2004, the united states import and export banks provide funding for us$ 178000000 exporting to the us around the world.
 on wednesday, 5 june, two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering whether legal action can be taken on the pollution of the old site.
 the proposed establishment of 36 posts in operation was proposed for the operation of the operation, 18 posts and 18 posts for the regular budget payments.
 in taiwan, he added that " 3 of the " 3 route " is the main reference to the government of chen shui-bian's government.
 right, with a double-ded sword sword, we have zhang graphs, graphs and graphs.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the number of passengers on the spot.
 in political and religious religions, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution, but also in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council attention to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 at 09:30 p.m., at 09:30 am, at the united states congress, at the united states congress, the united states congress.
 the record shall be released on board 3 years since the end of the record.
 china has reduced more than 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are prepared in the south bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support a similar statement by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in the urban area can be kept unloading and drop-off at the junction's carpark.
 the transfer of arms transfers between sovereign states is a transparent measure between sovereign sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to be streamlined as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires a social consensus. "
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also without refugee status.
 it's a very serious thing when i went to a little child. i all have a very serious concern.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender-based differences and inequalities, which affects the creation of risks of the risk of risks.
 it is estimated that the conservative potential of these technology applications can reach a few0000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is to be the elderly.
 " the east asia region has always been able to build up its financial surplus, and should also be added to them. "
 the swd has contacted the family of chen autumn-ling, providing psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for the country is estimated to be 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there have been no local place, which has already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces are not invited to come to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of the police, remuneration, training and management of the police are also applicable to prison guards.
 " the checks are also found to be sufficient to meet the traffic, utility facilities and other related facilities.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the establishment of the buildings department and the building of the buildings department has been established.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 i hope hong kong will always be a sunny of sunshine, and the air, air and prosperity, will be happy.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main part of economic development.
 we therefore stress that the nuclear powers in the comprehensive test-ban treaty was concluded in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers maintained only one of every 20 users in a network of networking.
 since the reform and opening-up, small and medium-sized enterprises throughout the country have made a major contribution to a long-term, social stability strategy.
 in my country, because of the climate of warmer weather and in the world, we will have a long period of 5, 60 cents.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will enjoy the heart of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardians to give up the right to custody after the appointment of the authority.
 for example, the measures agreed to include citizens of the countries of the region include the implementation of a unified travel document.
 it is a good friend to do so.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers ' unemployment, employment, employment and job opportunities have been raised for some time.
 " even if you enter the " live play ", you should not abandon the " living play ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in the inflation rate of last year.
 that is to say, let's turn out the right to use the medicines and antibiotics in hong kong, in hong kong, in hong kong and taiwan.
 these greek cypriots are the age of 66.
 on the weekend's economic expert on the weekend, the same project has been raised.
 the project could also allow more public to know the diversity of cultural diversity and to the extent of interest in this area.
 in the light of the number of applications, the government is now considering whether there is a need to increase the loan places.
 the assets, in accordance with the code of criminal procedure, was carried out by the judge.
 thus, it is the only way for the students to death.
 provision is made on the basis of basic medical supplies for the agency for primary health care facilities.
 it is not only responsible for redisting the land.
 on this subject, the meeting attempted to remind people that a person has been killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 at the end of the valley, there were some crafts who have been purchased.
 motorists are urged to conduct traffic instructions and follow the command of police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion is surprising, since the legal adviser had been subjected to a lack of legitimate conduct to the defence counsel.
 in the assistance ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or the possibility of an individual.
 amputations have left their lives in life, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined.
 after implementing the scheme, many honourable colleagues will be expected to have the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been subjected to his father, and the ministry of the interior had reportedly visited his family.
 another 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only local level of job opportunities for low-level services is the only local level.
 the project indicates that the current small-scale fund-for-finance fund-based approach is based on the experience of policy experience in credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau has claimed to be the help of the youth charter for youth.
 three men were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the woman's money.
 they shall be open for a gradual and gradual basis in the context of the country's circumstances.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the united kingdom and the united kingdom for iraq.
 the real development concept should encompass all universal universal universality of human rights.
 state practice has shown that the length of time for the time of the right of option have been significant.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, fervently looked forward by the security council, will also be re-examined in the light of the agenda of its deliberations.
 the country has achieved a large number of reduced population living in poverty, although the economic crisis caused by asia.
 as a result, countries in poor countries have access to funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration of the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department was closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to the goal of achieving the goal of achieving many generations.
 mr. tzu has found that development, manufacture and marketing and marketing, and many of the world's famous consumer goods.
 at the scene, the department's veterinary veterin also opened a report to the scene.
 the analysis of a large number of missions had been verified by a large number of missions.
 if the flood problem is to be fulfilled, we must implement the shenzhen river reform project.
 capitalist capitalism, without legal and moral rules, have often caused drug-trackets and corruption.
 the 1 works of the king's work was officially entered into the work of the king's work.
 the one-way west and one-way west of the philippines can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report was described as a result of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories.
 <unk> not to carry a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot, and 38 individuals were born to death.
 the working group, together with international human rights services, have the right to address these issues in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers were raided 7 targets in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority would therefore prefer to consider controlling the measures that may need to take place.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries and countries, as well as in economic restructuring, is essential in developing countries, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, 800 persons were allegedly killed by the communist party of the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with the law of a law, " guilty of terrorist acts " shall be liable to the law of the offence of terrorist acts.
 sir, there will be a solution to the next year after closing next year's landfills next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 children have been killed in armed conflict, which have left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to develop for development.
 basically, this is a tangible responsibility for the government in the north-west.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department in order to make improvements or results.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we are one of the economies of the international reputation as one of the most competitive and most competitive in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 6000000008000000 and the construction of $ 6000000008000000 in the month.
 i have studied hong kong laws and refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, practical cooperation in non-traditional security is carried out in non-traditional security.
 between june and july this year, most of the major trades and underemployed persons remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, a quota system can be absorbed by the market.
 furthermore, australia is actively participating in the drafting of the international convention against the financing of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial operating noises (workers ") regulation, will be effective effectively effectively.
 the letter would not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of poverty and the relative number of poverty is growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this area. "
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of darfra's causes were a dispute between the farms in the area of crops in the region.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the future development of fire services and open space for the future development of fire services.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but only from liberia from liberia.
 the details on the details are also available for the promotion of proficiency for the promotion of language proficiency.
 chen mei-hsien was sitting on a deck of winds and from time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary-general's recommendations on the law of the garrison act with the current british practice.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary is not to be encouraged by the admissive person.
 the chairman of the joint meeting would like to express the discussions and will take follow-up action on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards for the 2003 elections.
 located at the secretariat of the secretariat of the secretariat at the 1 avenue, the vehicle is restricted to a special label vehicle for the permanent representative.
 when the villagers are facing the village, the villagers have to take advantage of 320000 trees in the three years.
 the institute of el salvador was established as a result of the transfer of land transfer plans, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is one of the girl's relatives or members of the girl was urged to contact the mong kok police station, calling 2398 6366.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal document in order to implement the quality and improve productivity of productivity.
 this morning, i would like to say that this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, the focus on education is the necessary means and means to promote social development in the developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, but it has also affirmed the command of the army of the army.
 the field asset control system is a range of audits to the united nations, namely the disposal of the united nations in the first procurement period.
 but it cannot be impossible.
 for security reasons, it is essential for security to protect the environment, without radioactive, non-confidence, non-confidicity, non-informed gas and non-interference.
 in the 14 century, treason is found in the common law system.
 even worse, the threat posed by the threat of a threat to the existence of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in many people.
 in the village, the village has been scared out.
 the armed conflict began in the darfar area last year.
 the rights of the right to discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights international protection, and in particular respect for pluralistic individuals.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with rules, any documents or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers gradually, hong kong will pick up a recovery in hong kong.
 the choice is the choice of whether or not to sell the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but long-term in medium-and long-term, will be a challenge.
 they tend to disintegration.
 at that time, governor patten was working with the preparations for the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendants have been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court so that the latter would be guaranteed.
 the loss of life, especially those of children, is always sad, that sadness and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000, including $ 50000.
 in recent years the world economy has changed rapidly.
 the guidelines have been set out in the buildings department's website and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they felt that they had to be used as a technology technology and could not be scientific.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the field on behalf of the operation, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was explosioned near the city of mahai, a car bomb.
 senior officials of senior official security officers at the session, as well as personalists, will be sent to the united nations security service.
 the latest maps and the information obtained from the newly obtained have been transmitted rapidly to rescue institutions.
 the scheme provides a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations agencies have carried out mine-action activities in their mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the hiv <unk> aids population, and protects the human rights of these persons.
 once again, once again, the housing department has to ask the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out rates of secondary school are still higher than those for boys, at the secondary level and the university.
 the anti-triaming of anti-triam and anti-corruption <unk> 2 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 there are no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 but i did not expect her decision to change her decision.
 a warning letter will be received from the transport department.
 they are in the hands of the us in the united states, er, er, er, er, er.
 president of the environment, the president of the world bank of the world bank.
 if they are interested in the interest of the government, it is not better than so.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for the international system, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it cannot be said that it would not be possible to say.
 it has been proposed that a quota for sugar quotas in the united states market had been proposed.
 however, from the longer the longer term, the government still intends to openly recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day was to report back to the gendarmerend.
 mr. ben's modernization of the hong kong special administrative region ordinance.
 it is of course the more representative of our law to vote.
 a far-range place of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles may be available for a period of 13 minutes.
 if his spirit is not enough, he will be able to go through a rest and i believe it would be relatively more.
 it is clear that this approach is a administrative officer.
 in december 1963, the armed attack on the turkish cypriot community was an ethnic cleansing campaign for the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case before the court hearings.
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation for the constructive contribution to the work of the topic.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the question of the elimination of marriage, she asked whether it was a study to identify the source of household division.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the members of the commission and the special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen its supervision of the banking sector.
 it is therefore important that non-governmental organizations and other important groups have encouraged non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority had been carried out by external forces, free from the control groups and individuals.
 " the achievement of their dedication and continuous efforts, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improve services of children, parents have to pay certain costs on household income.
 however, further efforts need to be made to make more widely disseminated information on the results of the promotion of work.
 those responsible for those criminal acts cannot be allowed to provide safe refuge in those criminal acts which have been implemented.
 on july 26 this year, he was able to pass two burglary suspects in sha tin and seen a security guard by a security guard.
 the council considered that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional environment, the marketing officer can only take care of their actual contacts or liaison with customers.
 article 54 of the constitution states that the territory of the republic shall protect the same protection in accordance with the law.
 the member states of the european union have made a three-year time to enable the law and the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is anger, immediately to press a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to make use of their own people.
 in the light of the slaves, it was to be used by a faded wooden pipes.
 in the past six years, the fishing industry has agreed that the fish fish fish fish fish technology has become mature and a breakthrough in the near future.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has been eradicated by numerous resolutions, multicultural, multicultural and multi religious societies.
 in accordance with the sfc's licensing exercise, the hkma will carry out regulatory functions and criteria to implement regulatory functions.
 for the first time he returned to the return of the first time.
 we want to see the real universality of the university of peace and to bear a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important element in projections and projections, with regard to planning and research in private and commercial sectors.
 several years ago ago, the chinese school lunar new lunar new year evening.
 the united states government acknowledges that diplomatic bank accounts should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is payable as a result of a compulsory rule of law.
 at the competitions, students have to cope with accidents, such as electricity power power, hackets, equipment stolen and psys.
 we are now considering the views of the industry to implement the proposal.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill has not taken special reference to the use of a company's claim to focus on loans and one or a company.
 it is strange to say that the chinese people's name would avoid avoiding the name of his name.
 the department of health's department of health (dh) staff members of the patient to provide health care and disinfection for their home.
 i now turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in the post-conflict peace-building issue.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative in addressing the recommendations of the special rapporteurs recommendations.
 at the time of taking the necessary action to take the necessary action, we refuse to keep the minds of mind.
 we are focusing on the process of the question of palestine the question of palestine in the middle east.
 i do so.
 these include threats to the weakening concept of sovereignty, including the driving force of the technology.
 the maintenance of the world's security and peace cannot be pursued by the international community.
 a state of emergency was extended again on 15 december.
 in the wake of the taliban occupation of mazar-zar-sharif, the authorities began to withdraw prisoners to other detention sites.
 missile uniquely enabled them to be used to use the threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt a platform for the application of the application platform for the application of the application system.
 in addition, 1506 private care centres were also maintained at the present time.
 during this incident, both sides had taken military action, but there was no significant change in the front-line situation.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new articulating games.
 but the relevant departments will take immediate action to take immediate action.
 the commission may be able to introduce new images in the commissions and the recent images of the commission (about 15000).
 the estimated 10 per cent vacancy rate for the local level covers a 10 per cent vacancy rate.
 the use of from coal to natural gas will also reduce emissions, nitrophur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will begin early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large establishments are a unit of more than 100 or more people in other sectors, with more than 50 or more.
 in accordance with article 2 of the sweden penal code, section 2 of the swedish penal code, the maximum limits of <unk> or <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the general assembly adopted a resolution 56<unk>282 of the non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, at the king of the world, kingssan king hassan ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation of rwanda and other 5 suspects.
 of these, 63 were implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the remainder of the swd.
 finally, i should like to refer to two spain's particular concern.
 the vehicle's vehicle is not to be justified, and there will be no incident.
 2, small and medium enterprises (the small and medium-sized enterprises ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, the united states of america and the u.s..
 it will be displayed at the hong kong park in africa.
 the survey will provide information on the living standards of the entire territories, particularly in the context of the poverty level, in particular.
 one of the hot spots of the new games is sony's new games, which is sonyny corporation this year.
 the abolition of the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is a major trend in respect of human rights in the world.
 people are also aware of the fact that they are voamed, and shooks and other diseases.
 15 catholic churches and international charity, and many staff members, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, the legislation had been revised in 1999 to give more investigation into the power of more investigations and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held in beijing in beijing.
 he will be organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 taking into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance submitted a reply to the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said that it seems that the honourable lau ping-cheung has said that it seems to be informed <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that a legal basis may be found in the charter and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state must begin to collect data on its stockpile and production of historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from the various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of words, such as " vested interests ".
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it will be in principle opposed to a land tax scheme.
 in accordance with the provisions of the contract, the transport <unk> transport issue must be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 in the southern part of the angolan armed forces, the south-eastern armed forces have also taken place in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to extend our intention to prove that trade-related problems affected by the problem of labour.
 they have adopted the german's outstanding trains, speeding speed quickly, the price of $ 800000000.
 the court received a message from the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such work will be allocated to the division and needs to consider and ratify the specific circumstances.
 on january 6, police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island to be held on january 6 in order to be held on january 6.
 private universities also grant a grant of tuition fees on the economic situation.
 improving our relations with egypt and egypt, as well as to restore multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to the common objectives of our region.
 his strength was extremely strong, and he has been able to seize his heartfeltly.
 a number of police officers will be subject to a record.
 although the results were shown to be used for medical treatment, the quality of drugs was obtained by a german company.
 it welcomes the fact that ukraine has ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to prevent the tunnels of the al-qua al-sharif al-q al-sharif.
 in fact, after this year's spring festival holidays, the tourism council has not received any complaints on shopping passengers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted a depreciation of the depreciation of the depreciation of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the people's rights, i agree with the spirit of the people.
 the private car immediately fled on the scene at sha tau kok street at sha tau kok street.
 although the evidence is sound, they are still in defence, saying that they are still in defence.
 governments have taken various ways to control the monopoly of these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in terms of their respective roles and mission, it is not appropriate to consider the performance of various institutions.
 i believe it will also affect the future of the future.
 the problems of the environmental problems have been brought to the wind, and even did not have a level of development assistance to development assistance.
 our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to the decline in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea to the east.
 i believe that this week of this week has demonstrated our commitment to the resolve of our common war.
 i also express the gratitude and appreciation of the secretary-general for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to meet this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to make sacrifices for the reconstruction of democracy.
 the doors of the west of the west, only a lot of legendary legends are in the heart.
 it is very important that the xi'i stone is very important.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there was no other child.
 " the whole world is the whole continent as a whole. "
 as a new consultant, i would have been able to build on a good basis for the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a moral instrument for implementation, and with the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures were reported in the year 2000.
 to this end, pakistan supports the proposal of mexico to consider the request of the united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (its) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 then, when he was in a police vehicle, he was taken away from a police vehicle, and he was once a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to identify the user's users and the results of evaluation work.
 the honourable chan kam-lam said that his statement is more than my shorter than my shorter, but i now have a very short time.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to addressing other international forums on the issue of counter-terrorism.
 the 11 round trials of the united states of america was overthrowd by the court of appeal to the courts of the district court.
 in view of this, 150000 displaced persons in the northern area of equancy zones have been deprived of assistance in the northern part of kabila province and in the northern provinces.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul at the end of july, some international bodies had to be left city.
 " in the light of the economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of lower-level training.
 at best, i can only say that the government is simply not to say that the government is simply not to do.
 currently, the operating budget for the current operation amounted to us$ 40 per year.
 it should be received by 31 december that 10 per cent of non-us dollar payment was established in order to compensate for exchange rates.
 the president and his wife unanimously.
 the world trade forum will be convened in seattle, which can be a suitable forum.
 according to the 1 of the above 1 issues, the language of the language university and professional groups should be able to meet the language of primary and secondary schools.
 it would therefore be unconscious to make a more rich and more expressionful expression of expressions of expression.
 regular receives and images for the regular period of 30 minutes and 7 (30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendments may be presented to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as regards the specific content of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favourable.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports increased sharply and increased both 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the most recent example is the construction of a bolf magistrates court, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the content of the various items of projects are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong's institute of hong kong surveyors will be held at the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in the operation in june 15 have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 at all possible levels, this issue has been reported to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there was no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose non-governmental organizations, and information on the information provided by the committee.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to raise this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy to encourage strengthening foreign representation, but host countries should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, 15 different countries are shoe oil.
 legal assistance has been made in accordance with the procedures for the provisions of the treaty.
 there must be a solution to these realities, or at least most of them can return to their homes.
 the list of states should be punished, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the construction industry was also seen in the construction industry and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, some limitations have been imposed on the cost and expenditure of counsel.
 this must be the exception of a period of time, and there is no need to stay too long to prevent the punishment.
 on the weekends, next year's time, the local police crowded out of their children's parents, and the traffic has also been blocked.
 the banks do not want to take another one in which the government has instructed the banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 276611 <unk> 3 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be studied by a unit.
 in paragraphs 1 to 201 of the georgian penal penal code, the procedure for the seizure of assets (bank account) was in place.
 " in addition to the detection of the case, we also believe that there is a need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sadstism of the continent.
 we do not agree with the approach to address north korea's nuclear issue.
 then, if you ask why i did not know, why they would say that they would welcome you to join.
 he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the conference, a global, effective treaty to stop anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered in accordance with the international institutions of specific activities.
 moscow of the soviet embassy in italy.
 a code of moral codes should be enacted in the formulation of legal activities in conflict areas.
 preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is affirmative.
 the spokesman added that the sale of flats could not be sold for sale in the home ownership scheme.
 during the same period, there were 5300 births in hong kong and 312000 deaths.
 however, i am talking about it, because the handling of the problem reflects the historical and people of the balkans.
 at the time of the talks, chinese leaders said, " the chinese people can do it. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government attention.
 it was reported that the pollution of the pollution of the pollution had been exported in other places, and then serve as a clean food.
 with regard to the choice of children's family choice, luxembourg has been retained for the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry carefully and listened to their views.
 as a result, i would also like to go to all the victims of the victims of the victims.
 when ni kuang talk about a woman's taiwan edition, he says that the taiwan edition of taiwan's taiwan edition is " good ".
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed the determination of the management and culture of palau and palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communist party's secretary for the ccp has reached a revolutionary revolutionary revolution.
 at the time of the promotion of chickens, a number of staff who went to the farms, is also indirect to promote the development of the fishing industry.
 the advisory committee requests a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the arrangements, but has not been received so far.
 in this context, the committee has made efforts to understand the entirety of iraq.
 the special rapporteur visited rwanda.
 the people have lost their fighting.
 the result of the unauthorized balance was attributable to the termination of the programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor countries, we shall continue to contribute directly to the palestinians directly.
 scientific research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing fields should be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) will enjoy elections and elected power.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises of the services industry received loans in the reporting period.
 in early june, the council members participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and the month of may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendship countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade friends of entrepreneurship: to understand their own inadequate and honest face.
 after several months, the storm has also affected hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was also closed yesterday.
 as a result of the protest of the meeting, some people were emotionally emotional, and the police were dispersed with high pressure.
 the establishment of a programme of work for trade points (see annex 4) was only in recent years.
 i think it is important that the civil service will respect civil servants and allow them to discuss with the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system, which is more than the impact of this change.
 (c) the force commander of the force commander: as a result of information transmitted by the office, the reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and the expected increase in international trade.
 the department of development and family support division has been carried out by the department of development and family support division, national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 mr gizmondo said: " the exhibition is extremely successful in the perspective of channels and strategic partnerships.
 the international community should look at human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration, i also see article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked by his leg.
 the us dollar deposits dropped slightly by 0.6 per cent in december to november, following an increase of 17<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society clearly depends on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common concern of all humankind.
 their despair and pain must be ended.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of the position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 in all, only $ 120000000000 was used to purchase humanitarian items.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rental of households paid by tenants.
 the approach taken by the approach of this approach is to be involved in the return of proceeds to the original guarantee.
 in his view, the preparatory work in beijing's beijing olympics will succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered a key issue of the productive employment of productive employment at the last session of the committee at its last session.
 it is possible to make us a general assessment of the serious situation in which we will face.
 the protection of child protection in the workplace in 2000 was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks of female workers.
 the actual facilities in paraguay has also made significant improvements to the river transit corridor to the 2 key transport routes to road transport.
 welcome you to see.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that we will be able to put it as soon as possible.
 the general assembly is concerned about the importance of the general assembly, and the art of art.
 in most of the countries, the population of older persons is far better than the overall population.
 a 45-year-old man died in the fire at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives were reported on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology achievement.
 their disciplines have been disciplined and acted to the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion in many years.
 a police spokesman spokesman said: " 2. "
 police appeal to members of the public who know the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the missing missing persons from kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat would intend to review a review of the system-wide timetable.
 the 74-year-old man, who was a 74-year-old man, depends on a day.
 this incident took place on the side of the path of immigration.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is a few times higher.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend the debt, which also deserved consideration.
 in the century and this millennium, the millennium has seen a great deal of tragic tragedies.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say that i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be called the biotechnology revolution as a biotechnology revolution.
 i understand that the extent of the chinese government to draft the basic law is more important in drafting the basic law.
 acts of rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to address many of the challenges.
 this money provides for the oil-for-food programme in order to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: the chinese charity fund and chinese temples fund was set up shortly after the enactment of the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of the voluntary recruitment of the voluntary recruitments are sometimes very difficult.
 in the first page of let's read, let's read this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate remained high, and it is expected that the inflation rate of the year will be over 10 per cent.
 mr ip has also mentioned that he believed that many of the voters in the legal profession have been tired of the british disputes.
 i also agree with the amendment to reduce some of the recommendations of a number of complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them in this respect.
 a number of delegations would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the commission of the review commission.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the functioning of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial operations.
 it is also high for us to be able to buy their friends.
 in line with the relevant measures, the fire services department, the fire services department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out verification work above.
 mr. wang yingan (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as chairman of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police have not been directly able to ensure secure security.
 the text of the text was to make a number of political choices and rights to the country concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to police officers, police officers mounted a investigation into the three rooms of the hotel.
 they must receive continuous professional training and their registration <unk> authorization can be considered for renewal.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 i would also like to say that he was very good.
 the contradiction between the contradictions in paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 is more obvious.
 the minimum minimum age for the retirement service would benefit each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should deal with the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the point that i would like to repeat the point that i would like to give them to the elderly people who are old people.
 when there is no other speakers, the chairman shall announce the debate to end the debate.
 he said: " you will often have the darkness of human beings. "
 i think that the level of the pre-trial level should be given a decision on the situation in the future.
 the sisters took the stars of starvation of starvation, guards and stormed snow.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the standard of service, which is our expectations.
 it will be a major step forward, ah.
 it is now clear that the community has clearly supported the freedom of these freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is really " itself ".
 however, when the mission went to new york, it has been able to stop them into the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will greatly slow down.
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be consistent with some criteria.
 in the short term, i think the government should have a more proactive approach to the implementation of funds.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic country for a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly robbed by one 7, including five children.
 " we will make a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is a living life and is indeed setting up a halfway stop. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border transfers, such as smuggling or in breach of foreign exchange controls.
 for more than 95<unk> of the taxpayers and the income taxpayers, the taxpayers may receive tax refunds in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of sadness and serious consideration to japan.
 in the sudan, the welfare and social affairs bureau of the ministry of health and social development is responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee on administrative affairs and the chairman of the organization and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, it is the difference in life expectancy at births (table 3 and ozp).
 secondly, there is a balance between administrative and legislation.
 even in the shelling of the shelling of the shelling, it is almost no one to work.
 this year, after all, this year is different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy of iraq.
 in addition, members may also observe the investigation of the capo's investigations.
 when i look at me, i would like to hear a very friendly picture.
 despite a good financial impact, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its goals in gdp growth rates.
 yes, some distinctions.
 if we hope that the united nations has a crucial role in the united nations, we must have the united nations to take a step forward.
 in his budget in his budget speech, the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out repair works with the public housing estates in the light of the ground.
 after the election of the deputy president, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been downward.
 the croatian police also carry out patrols and vehicles in part of the areas controlled by the croatian police.
 " for the three " fundamental problem ", mr cheung said that the council has misunderstandings on the education department.
 the united nations needs more than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is officially implemented, the administration will consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you are going to ask for his comments, and it is not appropriate to ask a question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " influenced by the government. "
 in the evening, he will go to washington for a visit to washington on the 10-day visit to washington.
 the united states exports from developing countries have increased from 1990 to nearly 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 in her case, her husband went to her.
 <unk> 152 <unk>, despite the need for analysis of data and numbers of data, the contents of the figures for the release of data are relatively small.
 however, the report noted that although the local market had food and specially, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with such a view that the current rate of 2.7 per cent was retained.
 the outcome of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be able to do so.
 the administration has recognized the interests of the state of sovereignty.
 however, there is a growing growth in hong kong's economy as a result of the continued growth of the industry.
 it should be done.
 under the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has indicated that the duration of the commission is not determined.
 over the years, a large number of documents have proved that, owing to the supply of water supply, the cost of water has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, without prohibiting the quality of nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new weapons systems.
 as they answered, they replied that they could not receive him.
 overall, the whole can be higher than its part.
 (b) the clp (lp) will cover a full-time basis on a full-time basis.
 in the light of those responsible for the green paper, it is indeed an eight-way.
 in 1993, a member of china's appointments have been appointed to be appointed by the institute of arbitration in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is to be given to a long-term strengthening of the capacity for the promotion and protection of national promotion and protection of the state.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously using the international law of the most powerful.
 at present, science and technology has grown rapidly, and the world is accelerated towards multipolarity.
 and the difference between the chinese and western museum of the museum has also been followed by the chinese and western culture museum.
 in a sense of rationality and sensitation, we have a great deal of spectacularness.
 i spoke of the response to the intermediation crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is that the angolans themselves truly promised to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors in the european union have increased significantly.
 there are few signs of sexual drugs.
 as such seminars, it is very tired for us to return to our country.
 as a result of outside brazil, fukui, the bathroin, afdro, and the krots, became the most powerful species of taiwan.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination against workers in different forms of pay, or in a slavery.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country, with more than 50 per cent of states, which can be used in general.
 today, lucia was the 1 time in history in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have sought to influence one government.
 this phenomenon is the product of a state of a single-continent system in other countries.
 there have been some original groups who have not been able to find out their remarks and oppose the direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the return of the people, the possibility of a large number of refugees will be needed for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a car bomber was attacked by car bombs, causing at least five deaths and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police have been charged with human rights violations of human rights violations and other misconceptions.
 his election highlights his merits, his personal qualities and his personal quality and in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", the entire industry will not survive.
 at the end of the cbb, the line between 173 and 133 pairs of threades will be threwn.
 to " scrap " the word " scrap ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to fight against hawkers.
 in the context of non-confident security guarantees, the debtor should also bear the responsibility for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially in mutual legal assistance, will result in the future.
 however, in urgent need of urgent need, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 during the period of explosion, there were explosions in the vicinity of the scene, but no casualties had caused casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely, to all the members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that they will be able to join in the future.
 as noted above, the document was not referred to in the 8 section of the document.
 as i accept the secretary-general, i accept the secretary-general that some things have been unable to do so.
 the equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies will still be filled, the meeting was suspended on the afternoon of the afternoon.
 the carparks of the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of the customer portfolio is still stable.
 many people first enjoy the convenience of luka, but they don't afford to pay a large amount of debt debt.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee went to japan to take part in the 8 world muscalia to take part in the 8 world muscalia.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the integrated development plan of the ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of background documents, direct meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the united nations commission on human settlements.
 new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the small seven is well-being, he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl ling dang.
 mr cheung also published a keynote speech on " safety and health in hong kong. "
 if you want to ask you, so i am especially looking for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is one of the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial difficulties of financial difficulties, many small amounts of money could be made available.
 with regard to the contents of the draft articles, it was suggested that the contents of the draft draft is too complicated and need to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law, as we have to safeguard the international financial centre of hong kong.
 the proportion of the total resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 the author is, of course, not opposed to the primary employment of university students.
 at the time of the 50-year-old man, he was discovered at the age of 50 degrees, which is a change of 1 degrees.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed home after all houses of the village, destroying a house and burned another another.
 members of the above-mentioned symptoms should consult their doctors in order to facilitate early detection and governance in order to keep the symptoms of symptoms.
 child prostitution refers to the use of or facilitating the utilization of children, or to facilitate the utilization of children.
 this is not a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and the year-on-year increase was 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that african countries face serious external debt problems, which account for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 more than a few hours debate and many years, we are now like to return to the beginning.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14matic panels of experts, which are individually involved in working groups, rather than states.
 in addition to the expert unit, more intensive training should be provided.
 the whole project is to be completed in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation and should be seen as a complement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 in order to ensure the quality of high-quality chinese language, it has been established by the authorities set up a chinese language textbooks.
 another explanation is: " the bank is best to do so as long as the fire broke out.
 they were said to have been injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates unctad's leading role in this field, the panellists were only a number of interesting issues and no solution.
 the united nations military contingents will assist those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, it is essential for these policies to see trade in the context of education, health and management of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the judicial authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the transfer of the person, and then the whereabouts of the person who had been uninterrupted.
 in order to avoid special interests, political parties should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected to be completed in the year 2000.
 i didn't have to imagine that sun y-yin had experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (csdc) held a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to 20 november 2001 sydney, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories in the new territories has only been regulated by collective official.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas. "
 if the computers are not " loved, " don't have to " don't " don't " do.
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq appears to be an unfavourable basis for the authorities or the local people.
 please watch the five-line series of new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's agenda.
 the new integration guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15 during the experimental pilot system, it was suggested that there was a proposal to establish an impact on the area than in the area.
 the national television broadcasts several programmes on this seminar, which helps to increase the public awareness of this problem.
 if the person is 65 years of age, equal employment and income exceeds the minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he ching-ming, who has always been committed to the legality of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to review the provisions of the ordinance in accordance with the provisions of the ordinance.
 " for non-resident university graduates, the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them in employment. "
 as china's recent accession to the world trade organization as well as the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, the cooperation of two companies is expected to have been prepared.
 recently, in the mainland, a scholar from the mainland, the university of hong kong university of hong kong attended a speech.
 in terms of the overall system, the existing system has played a check and balance.
 he said that if theft was theft and theft, he also assured the safety of a few thousand people.
 kosovo serbs participated in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of their self-government.
 mark nini was the headquarters of the ruf.
 " taipei's dignity " is now on the door of the new painting room.
 the official said: " in the case of an official, an official said: " in the case of avoy and the bakera.
 in new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, was born in new zealand, university of the university and the national university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens in the two chickens are smuggled with business.
 details of the proposal, both in both english and chinese, are now put up at a noticeboard to the public inspection.
 because the dpp has created a new democratic progressive campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a lot of employees to choose.
 the claimant has provided export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed countries to implement national plans for action in various areas.
 the committee further recommends that the accuracy of the requirements would be given to estimates.
 according to the health of health care, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the best viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national news also quoted: " no one knows how many of the costs have been done. "
 the edition of the zhou zhou in this section is published in the zhouzhou in the red camera.
 madam president, today, the secretary for today's today is the " food ", and we do not have to leave him.
 i might say some of the comparisons of the darkness.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the comments of the government of japan in the annex to the above-mentioned statement.
 after the performance of the performance, the response has been enthusiastic.
 i can also quote some examples of some of the chronic chronically ill-seekers from the hospital authority.
 the approved ozp should be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon hang in kowloon.
 actually, i have all arrived in chongqing.
 the team is supporting ensuring that gender issues were more sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she has the highest morality and the enjoyment of all civil servants.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, with a view to preventing the victims to the victims.
 with respect to this obligation, the committee noted that in some cases the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that there are approximately 15000 per hour of small arms ammunition per hour.
 secondly, the reduction of the situation has been reduced.
 we will first act on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty of his daughter.
 in addition, there is no cash for the current peacekeeping reserve.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general, under-secretary-general, mr. gueino and the special representative of the special representative.
 the cause of financial instability in developing countries would cause financial instability to foreign investment.
 an international seminar on the united nations international seminar on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this is mainly attributable to the concepts of concepts that have been achieved or not in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has made the suffering of the disease and the orphans, and the conflict in the tribes increased more severe suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes that the effectiveness of the civilian police handling complex operations should be generally enhanced.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia does not exist.
 youths account for 19 per cent of the population of africa, based on the current population population, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong has developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states will have to spend more than 150,000 hours of life.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a subject to play.
 the office requested the department of disarmament to assist the new political commitment of member states in the new form of political will.
 the financial position of our financial position is better than the united kingdom, so i absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely unnecessary.
 the last year's image of laden's image was the end of 2004, but his deputy zzazava, his deputy al-zawava, has been inspired.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the council has set up a " study on the reduction of waste reduction schemes working on the reduction of waste reduction schemes in hon tam kwok-wah.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government does not respond to this matter. "
 on the day before the performance of the day, hui-yuan gave me a brief description of the messes of the chinese music scholar.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a decrease of 1 point in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict situations, children need to take care of care.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on the civilian population of the civilian population.
 a spokesman for the department said a total of 5024 visits were successfully completed in the field survey during a two-week period.
 the seizures and blood tests were carried out in the transport to the market.
 he said that the secretariat would expect the executive board to continue these practices to continue these practices.
 the demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, with 10 kilometres and 5 kilometres from kuwait to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children in the family service work for girls.
 as a result, there has been a number of measures to ensure the needs of women prisoners for prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (telolco) (p. 91).
 the 1 cruise of the 1 cruise of the taiwan industry, liu ming-chen, also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to have a heavy fog weather in the north china and south china.
 this section reviewed the reasons for the right to food to the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle of cattle have entered taiwan through the hands of the union.
 the penal code and the criminal procedure act, which has been revised to the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person engaged in weapons of weapons would be able to facilitate compliance with compliance with respect to empowerment.
 a series of activities, together with the business sector, is aimed at strengthening the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget was unable to maintain.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet ballet will be displayed at the ceremony.
 speaking at the opening of the activities, director of the home affairs department said, " we have all along been a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was observed in the north-west of abdoula, the forces of abdoula, and the taliban in the north-west of batji province.
 the data collection of computer systems is very easily easy, and it also triggered and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the membership of the asean regional forums, indicating that significant developments in the regional security situation have been identified.
 every day, the soldiers said that the items will be returned to the goods.
 " the sooner the sooner the betterment of the mpf system will be better.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was obtained from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda and the use of these automobiles.
 conversely, they often see people like the enemy, and therefore, it is for the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of improving transport systems.
 under the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries were an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this would be very sorry for me to vote.
 through this election, china is fully ensuring that hong kong is an asset system in hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to take advantage of this procedure, they did not make use of this procedure.
 as a result of the strategy, it is not only for others to break the new areas.
 the results of the college will be issued in july.
 in the 1940s of the 1940s, johnson is over half a century ago.
 however, madam president, today's bill today has a great doubt that the bill is to be implemented within the transitional period.
 after arriving at los angeles from new zealand, sand was arrested on this 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, also briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas and production.
 some experts indicated that the statistics had not been able to respond to the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to take into account the needs of different types of different types of different types.
 after the opening up of 1978, the exchange rate system for the economic and economic reforms and opening up of the exchange rate has become the price of foreign exchange reserves.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, it was established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also be aware of the fundamental basis of its fundamental basis.
 we will continue to persuade young people who have a very bad impact on health.
 part of the results are as follows: apart from religious books, biology, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's total revenue of $ 10200000 is $ 1020000, representing a total of $ 82560500 over the previous year.
 these provisions should be used to deal with the chinese side.
 non-financed items carried out by the united nations in other currencies, based on other currencies, was replaced by the united nations operational rate of exchange.
 we also believe that the establishment of an international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two consecutive years in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 in the wake of the incident, i know the doctor's friends who have accepted their strong discontent.
 " it is necessary to reflect the latest land use proposed by the north-east of lantau island, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced the negotiations at the end of this stage.
 to achieve this end, member states must pay assessed contributions on time, with the full amount of assessed contributions and unconditional contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the first half of the century, mankind is living in fear of persistent nuclear danger.
 he said that, in order to address these problems, the commission was established by the cabinet of the prime minister.
 in all cases, the longer the period will be required for the period 2003-2004.
 there is no other group, which is the case of any other group.
 the gravity of the act is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the key accounting policy summary of these financial statements is an indication of the financial statements.
 in the southern part of yunnan, there will be heavy rains in south-eastern guangxi.
 on behalf of the representative of the comoros, the representative of the comoros and the people of the israeli government were condolences to the heroes of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for the donor community to develop a comprehensive plan for undp.
 the bureau, the bureau of the bureau, was chaired by the bureau, which was chaired by the bureau of the country, mali, ukraine and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development at the right to development, planning, policy policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is now holding an average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 when the culprit escaped the culprit, the victim entered the incident.
 the administration has announced today a country today.
 for example, in the 3 phase of its 3 phases, pesticides have already been set up, but it was later late until the year 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
